Oh look JC on the bike was timed out by Risa. Oh time out JC on the bike. JC on the bike.
It's JC on the bike. It's JC on the bike yeah. Well I'm wise enough to know when a chomp needs banning and I know just the one.
Look at round. It's JC on the bike. Who says Veda didn't study music in college?
If you're not aware of the early COVID survivors website hosted by usatoniclive please check it out.
The Mark Force podcast has been rocking lately. The last two episodes have been fantastic. It's an exciting list.
It's an exciting list that as it populates seems to be really tying a lot of loose ends together.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next. He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him. It's embarrassing.
We're considering doing a fundraiser for the early COVID survivors. Stay tuned. We might do a New Year's Eve telethon actually to raise money for the early COVID survivors.
Just stay tuned to useatoniclive and to get your own biological for more details.
I tell you those early COVID survivors they have endured everything that is imaginable in a martyr and a sacrificial lamb
Also a victim of cancellation. I mean these people have suffered in ways that we can't understand.
I'm really happy that Mark is calling attention to them while I simultaneously call attention to the biology that's gone out of black.
That was a funny transition.
The early COVID survivor, oh my goodness, I sent some sarcasm there.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the faith we are trying to dispel. We got into the wrong car on this road, ladies and gentlemen. This is Gigaohm Biological.
Oh man, I don't know what to say about shedding. I don't like that topic very much.
There is reasonable biological basis for shedding depending on how successful the the transfection is.
There is reason to believe that shedding is possible. Just take an eat raw garlic for a few days and tell me that your sweat doesn't smell different.
Tell me that your skin doesn't smell different and tell me that your body isn't excreting some of those compounds through your sweat glands and in your breath.
And this isn't any different than a small protein or a protein fragment being shed part of an exosome or not.
Shedding is something that it's hard to discount as wholly implausible, but on the other hand, what shedding does is it suggests that this technology is especially successful in producing protein and my guess is only in the best case scenario.
But you know what, I'm just throwing things out there at this stage. We really don't know because transfection has never been adequately evaluated in this format in healthy people.
And so I can wax intellectual all day long and so can everybody else. But the bottom line is that what you can expect is things to go wrong.
Some of the things that go wrong there may include shedding, but I think most of the things that go wrong are going to be local.
They're going to be things that go wrong with your own system.
And those can include autoimmunity. Those could include protein misfolding.
And I think that's why there were quite a few characters very early on in the narrative who were already seeding the idea that the novel spike protein or the bioweapon spike protein was capable of
causing amyloid or capable of causing prion disease in the virus so that when the inevitable consequences of transfection were realized and amyloidosis was one of them or
occasionally prion disease was one of them that this would already be covered by the viral story that was seeded at the very beginning of the pandemic.
On a whole different sides of the internet using algorithmic plugging.
And I think that's really what we're dealing with here is the our inability to see through the veil.
You know, even even the idea that some of these people that picked us up on the road were innocent at some point.
It's possible that none of them were ever not in on it.
And so again, I can't stress enough how important it is that you share the work.
If you find it valuable, that's the best way that you can support Gigaohm biological, but Gigaohm biological is also supported through a subscriber base.
It's pretty limited, but to all of those people, I am very thankful and some of them have been contributing for several years now.
And it's really the reason why I can't really hang up the stream and still think I need to keep fighting.
I'm not saying that I'm going to quit, but it does make it much easier to keep going because it's a lot of hours and a lot of work.
And so I really do appreciate it.
But again, sharing the stream is most important.
So I am not asking for financial donations off the top of my head, but just saying that I do receive them and I do accept them and they are valuable to me and my family.
The gain of function worst case scenario is the thing we're mostly fighting now.
And it is with great humility that I declare that this is what we're fighting.
I'm not sure if I was by any stretch of the imagination, even close to the first person to articulate the gain of function in coronaviruses was a mythology.
And I may even be guilty of resisting this idea for a while.
And I'm feeling very humble about where I am now after four years.
I think I could have been farther much earlier had there not been the significant level of meddling that went on behind the scenes and and in front of our eyes and in front of us on TV.
And so here we are with six books that basically all tell the same story.
I was able to contribute a little bit to the Wuhan cover up in the sense that there are infectious clones in there. There's RNA in lack of fidelity and RNA copying and there's a few other things in there that hint at the idea that coronaviruses may not be all there cracked up to be.
But the book is still the same as every one of those books there.
And I knew that from the beginning.
The book was 70% written when I started.
And so we're doing the best we can trying to push back against this, but we've all come to this realization too late.
And so we've got extra work to do.
We've got extra work to do because we've really got to push back on this novel virus because other people are not doing it.
The people that are controlling the narrative are not doing it.
And so I'm going to go back to this analogy because I really do think it's valuable and I'm going to keep telling it until I get it right.
But you've got to think about the start of the pandemic is getting lost on the road in the middle of the night with some kind of new biological phenomenon floating over your head that you don't really understand you're all by yourself.
And you're hoping that somebody's going to give you a ride somewhere, but you don't even know how you got on this road. You're just all isolated and confused.
You don't have to go to work anymore. They're telling you that something going around that can kill your grandma.
Maybe it was released from a laboratory according to some of the crazy people on the internet.
And then some people came and picked you up and gave you a ride.
It was a car full of people, though. It wasn't just one guy, but it was a person in the driver's seat, a person in the passenger seat, and a person in the backseat.
And they offered you the fourth seat in the car.
And who are these people? Well, they're these people that we all encountered on the internet in 2020 that we all thought were fighting for us in 2021.
They picked us up in this car and basically bamboozled us with an illusion of consensus about a novel virus that killed millions of people that for which we had to do something that millions of people were saved from likely came from gain of function.
And therefore will likely happen again. Only next time it'll be much worse.
And so we've been riding in this car with people like who are on the last screen there.
And some of them have unwittingly participated in this scheme.
Others of them have participated in it and willingly as a result of their knowledge that we've been governed by this mythology for a long time, that it's always been the intention to govern us by this mythology.
They have been preparing for this controlled demolition of the American system for quite some time.
And I think we need to really seriously understand that the alarm is now.
We don't have much time to pull out of the who and pull out of the UN and take our sovereignty back.
We don't have that much time. It may already technically be impossible because of the way that the financial system has been legally orchestrated.
At some point we're going to have to watch the Great Taking by David Webb because it may be the best description for how the financial system around the globe has been conscripted legally over the last decade to essentially make it possible to institute a governance structure above that of the national level without our ever being able to consent to it or not.
And now what I want you to understand is that the people that picked you up on this road trip, the people that picked you up on this road trip may very well be aware that this is the intentional shift that's coming.
Maybe even an inevitable one.
We can't be sure exactly what kinds of forces are arrayed against us, but there are numbers of different competing piles of weaponized money, weaponized piles of money that are working against us and probably competing with each other at the same time behind this narrative.
And so we don't even know which of the groups we got in the car with.
Did we get in the car with the group that wants us to think that the baddest baddies are the Chinese or did we get in the group of the car that is working on behalf of the European interests or the city of London?
Did we get into the car that's working on the interest of the large pharmaceutical companies, if that's even an interest?
We don't even know what teams are in the background orchestrating this event to try and usurp our national sovereignty system.
But somebody is, and many of these people who we have turned to for leadership are actually already aware that this transition is about to take place and are already aware and are auditioning for positions on the other side of that transition, I assure you.
It is the only logical explanation for the drama that we have been subject to in this car ride.
The drama about previous vaccinations and how sure they are that they work.
The unquestioning of this novel virus jumping from species, the unquestioning use of PCR or asymptomatic spread, the unquestioning of the variants,
and the unquestioning of gain of function research as a even greater danger than that of mother nature.
And so this faith in a novel virus is fully safe from all these people that picked us up on this road.
All these people that picked us up on this road are spreading the bad ideas that don't get us out and they're much more dangerous than any spreading RNA molecule.
This illusion of consensus that they spread is much more dangerous because it gets people to behave irrationally to ditch their families.
To go against what they should have known as common sense principles.
To go against what they should have known about the sacredness of certain aspects of biology.
It's not a matter of what is true that counts, but a matter of what is perceived to be true.
That's what the intellectual dark web is all about.
That's what these two guys right here brought Weinstein's right there.
Brett Weinstein is right up there and then Dave Rubin is right here.
Dave Rubin is right there.
The original OG members of the intellectual dark web sitting at the original dinner table with Sam Harris and Eric Weinstein and Ben Shapiro and Joe Rogan.
That's what this is.
Pre-conceived limited spectrum of debate controlled by these guys who have a very lively debate within that spectrum.
Listen to them give each other compliments like they weren't already on an organized team.
This is just from like a few days ago.
What you were doing and what we were all doing you know IDW doesn't exist.
But it was a very important stage in something that I think doesn't have a name at the moment.
What you were doing was somehow a prototype of what you are doing and I think there's meaningful progress if you look across that whole arc and anyway I appreciate it and I think it's important stuff so keep it up.
I should probably end right there.
And so that was just them plugging each other right and saying how great they are and how awesome they've been such dissidents and they're so confused by the current system and it's really great that you're such a leader and yada yada yada.
We should do another show together.
Well here's from today's podcast I've got it going at two times the speed and you're not even going to really notice it's just going to sound like Brett's talking into normal speed.
Try to tolerate his verboseness and what he's basically going to do is walk you through the hypothetical of how do we tell if the number of people that are dying in our little anecdotal circle of friends and family is something significant.
And then he doesn't really get very precise like he always doesn't and basically boils it down to either you died from the virus or you died from the shot and excess deaths are pretty high right now and he has no real explanation for that he doesn't try to delve into it at all.
And he wastes an awful lot of time not talking about Denis' data and for whatever reason he's not able to show the real graphs of Denis' data that show any significant findings.
He does say that Denis' name a couple times and he does say that it's worth looking at I don't know if there are links in the bottom of this video I highly doubt it he's not like you know going to tell you to go to DenisRancourt.com or anything like that.
And more importantly he's not going to delve into anything else that Denis has ever done even though he went all the way around the world to Romania and met Denis on stage.
He didn't bother to find out all the other things that Denis did including Denis' most powerful analysis of the data in America that shows that there's no geographic evidence of spread from one geographic center to another.
From one county to another the virus and these deaths do not cross state lines or county lines and that's a problem.
And he's found this all over the world there is no real evidence of a spreading pathogen.
And that's why there's no increase steady all-cause mortality increase in 2020 because the all-cause mortality increases that were said to be spread were so geographically isolated that on the average across the United States you don't really see a signal until the shot rolls out.
That's very significant it's not the same as saying there was no all-cause mortality increase in 2020.
It's very imprecise because in certain locations there were huge increases in all-cause mortality.
But on average you do not see it.
And so very very carefully now with very precise description of his data very very honest recapitulation of Denis' data would reveal those two things that excess deaths are higher after the shot and that there's no evidence of geographic spread in the excess deaths that we see in 2020.
And just like Robert Malone he is going to use it to exclusively talk about the increase in all-cause mortality that may be indirectly or directly related to the shot and talk about it as verbose and imprecisely as possible in order to make sure that in the end you're not really that curious about Denis' data.
You're never going to go look it up.
And then they end it.
So it's about ten minutes I'm going to try and let it play I just you know I might stop at once but I think I'm just going to let it play.
And just remember what we're trying to listen for.
We're trying to listen for an honest accounting of the fact that they killed people with ventilators with lack of antibiotics with misuse of steroids with the Remdesivir, Madazalam, and sending people back to the hospital.
We're trying to get back to old folks homes instead of caring for them in hospitals.
The list is quite substantial quite solid quite uniform across the United States and even in places around the world.
So we really need to be honest in our accounting and it seems for some reason after four years the leaders of the intellectual dark web are still absolutely incapable of counting beyond the novel virus and beyond the
intersection which they still can't find the word transfection for.
After four years.
Example OK the problem is if I'm stuck with my anecdotal encounter with the world and this pattern.
We can do the same thing for the pattern of violence in our cities then I have no way of decisively answering the question.
The only thing I can do is say does the pattern continue to match the does the pattern continue to anecdotally match the predictions of the model I have that there is something new and dangerous.
If I say that loose there's no that loose is that loose in the world.
Yeah, I have to do over I would just say loose in the world noted.
Now is that already imprecise sorry I didn't know I wasn't going to stop it but that's already very imprecise right.
He's already talking about something new and deadly loose in the world that's not very precise.
That sure sounds like a virus to me it doesn't sound like a shot it doesn't sound like transfection or a methodology of gene gene manipulation or gene therapy that's being mislabeled or misused or mis.
Applied to a healthy population it sounds like something is loose like biologically a pattern integrity loose on the I mean come on.
I hope you can see this already how just painful this is.
Awesome I feel we're making progress.
So what I wanted to do now is show what you do if you actually want to take that anecdotal pattern and the hypothesis that results from it and get rigorous.
And if you would show there was a excellent talk at the COVID summit in Romania I'm not going to show you the talk it's worth the 25 minutes or so to watch it but this is Dennis Raincourt that's what it looked like in the auditorium.
And Dennis Raincourt is a physicist who has gone and analyzed the all cause mortality data from around the world he's looked at countries different countries he's looked at very different timescales and so here take a look this is the pattern of all cause mortality
by month over a hundred years 70.
What you'll see is a pattern of spikes and troughs that your mind will correctly register as highly regular.
Now what that highly regular pattern is is an oscillation of seasons and for reasons that Raincourt correctly points out are not fully understood.
There is an increasing all cause mortality that means we don't care what you died of the question is we just count deaths and we look at the pattern.
People tend to die in the winter and they tend to die much less in the summer and the exact reason for that is not perfectly understood.
Now I would argue that the likely explanation for this is somewhere in the neighborhood of we all have some proximity to death at every moment a force with which the grave pulls at us.
That force is quite strong.
So is he he's anthropomorphizing the grave as it pulls on you and generates this seasonal variability in death.
He's wasting I mean this is at double speed he's wasting time explaining people the reasonably well understood or accepted phenomenon that the death rate fluctuates seasonally it could be a combination of a lot of things we understand that.
There's no reason to waste any time on it unless the whole idea is to tire you out so that the actual impact of anything that Denis Rancourt has done will be lost on you because number one he's not going to show it to you and number two he's not going to tell it to you and number three.
He's going to use an extraordinary number of words not to tell or show you it.
In the first year of life.
It decreases radically over that year if you survive to one year of age that force pulling you towards the grave tends to be flat until you reach the age of sexual maturity at which point it begins to very gradually on an accelerating pattern increase until it's quite precipitous.
Late in life and then there is arguably a plateau largely due to what is likely a decrease in your risk of cancer if you live through the period in which cancer has skyrocketed.
In any case interesting that the data if you plot it out reveal this highly regular pattern and as predicted this is a northern hemisphere this is France data you're looking at here.
Very interesting and of course necessary that it be this way if we look at the southern hemisphere where the pattern of seasons is inverted then the pattern of spikes and drops is inverted as it would have to be otherwise the explanation would be falsified by it.
So anyway that's what the general pattern looks like.
Can you show the next graph.
Okay so maybe I didn't capture the other graph you want to show his bulleted list.
So here's I don't know what you mean said his son Zach.
So he had one graph and it was a graph that went up to 2020 so actually he showed nothing.
He showed absolutely nothing of the rise of all cause mortality none nothing significant here has been shown not one graph has been shared.
No website nothing no links no QR code nothing there to tell you where Denis' website is.
He's pronouncing his name as rain court.
I presume it's Denis Ran Court like you know kind of like the French I don't I'm not you know but it ain't rain core.
You think if you went all the way around the world and met this guy and saw this brilliant presentation that you either would have gotten more slides which I think are downloadable.
If you really wanted to share the data you might have learned to present it a little better maybe chosen to successive figures to make the point.
But you know that the dark horse podcast never does that.
These figures are tough.
Teaching anything is not the goal here it's just you know to wax intellectual for a while.
It's to run out the clock is what we're starting to think it is.
We're basically just running out the clock.
Tell the next big thing whatever is going to happen.
Cyber war crash of the internet bring in the digital currency for everybody that wants bread I don't know.
But these people seem to be running out the clock.
When really what we need to be doing is pulling the fire alarm and saying we need to get out of the who we need to get out of the UN we need to take back our treasury we need to figure out how we are going to fix this problem in the United States without the guidance
and the help of these people in these banks and in these corporations in these commercial banks that have completely bankrupt the United States.
I'm not an economist I'm not some kind of finance guy but I definitely know that fractional reserve banking has been abused for too many hundreds of years and abused in such a way as to sap all of the real value and wealth from the United States.
It's gone already probably.
And so it's up to us each and every one of us Americans to regain ownership over our country.
And I don't have a good plan for how to do it but I assure you that these people are running out the clock on that idea they are not interested in that idea.
So if we've got some good ideas let's start throwing them out there let's send emails let's talk about it let's figure out how to do it if we've got to run for office then we've all got to do it.
Maybe Mark Koolack needs to run in Massachusetts I don't know.
Maybe we can find a person to run in every state I don't know maybe something has to happen though because this is not working anymore.
These people are not helping us anymore we are hamsters in a wheel with these people.
And these people are responsible for the worst case scenario narrative that kept us all trapped that fooled us all into thinking that the mystery to solve was whether this was a gain of function or lab leak not whether anybody was killing anybody.
And so let's listen to see if Brett knows how many people have been killed or even cares.
The upshot from this extremely carefully done research and I want to call your attention to especially number five number four on this list 17 million vaccine deaths worldwide to the present plus or minus half a million.
That is incredibly high number and of course the number of inoculations given was staggering.
Obviously we're not just talking about billions of people who were inoculated but many of them inoculated multiple times elsewhere in this talk and again I encourage you to go look at it.
He points out that the risk goes up rather precipitously with the number of doses you've had becoming quite high at the fourth dose.
Interesting I wasn't there I was going to talk but the fifth point on this list fatal toxicity is exponential with age with risk of death doubling every 45 years of age.
That is not counter to but is the the opposite direction of what we have talked about anecdotally what it seems to be the case not with regard to fatality but adverse events wherein in 2022 when we were talking about the insanity of giving
these vaccines to young people the point was that COVID is simultaneously a disease that does not affect the young very much see in 2022 to be talking about the insanity of giving it to young people was not talking about the insanity of giving it to
the old people.
It was not talking about the insanity of treating any old person for the circulating virus that there is no evidence for so there's still an acceptance of the narrative in 2022 if you're arguing for the little kids not getting the shot you still haven't figured it out
that the shot should have never been justified for anyone because they killed people and the fact that they used Remdesivir and lack of antibiotics and misuse of steroids and Madazzalam in the UK and elsewhere and all of this other stuff to create
these local mass casualty events that were misconstrued as spread using models and exaggeration on TV and lack of context with regard to all cause mortality that's how they justified this and they don't seem to be wanting to be aware of that
they don't want to acknowledge that in order for this to have been rolled out they needed to kill people
and at the very very least every single one of us that was trying to figure this out in 2020 but didn't quite get there needs to admit that we we bought into this
we bought it hook, line and sinker that something was going around that we could test for even if we thought that well the tests aren't perfect we still thought we could test for it
we still told people that something was going around we still talked about natural immunity to that thing that was still going around I wrote a review about the thing going around
the reason why I wrote that review is because of people like Brett Weinstein
because of people like Brett Weinstein agreeing wholeheartedly with everything that was on television
everything that was on social media going along with the masks going along with the social distancing
wondering about the possibilities of a lab leak in a worst case scenario
lots of other people were doing it too lots of other people were in my circle of influencers people contacting me on the net telling me that's going to be a billion people dead you better be careful
about how you say this because you could be responsible for the death of thousands or even millions of people by talking like you're talking right now Mr. Cooey
and now in retrospect what I see are people that were meddling that were making sure that people who questioned the possibility of a worst case scenario were terrified to do so
and so all of these people are complicit in this murder all of them
I tried my best to figure it out I tried my best to find out who was lying and it took me almost three years to get to the stage where I finally realized that maybe Mark Bailey wasn't wrong about COVID
maybe Andy Kaufman wasn't wrong about them being able to not isolate and purify this virus
but then I think myself and I get back there and I think what in the hell happened then
why was it so hard for me to come to the realization that they were lying about this
why was it so hard for me to see through and then I look back and I think about all the people that I met
all the people that were talking to me behind the scenes
all the people that were in the car with me
and those people aren't insignificant people they're people that everybody on this watching this stream
everybody of the two thousand people that will watch this stream in the next day
they all know it they all know who these people are
who had me on their podcasts and broadcasts and on their panels
the illusion of consensus was strong on signal
the illusion of consensus was strong on these apps and in these videos and in these forums
and these people are still reinforcing that
still doing it right now as of today this is them reporting on Denis Rancourt's data
and it's nothing it's a worthless report
because it doesn't question the fundamental need to roll out transfection
it doesn't question the fundamental basis for the rollout of the transfection
it doesn't question the fundamental basis of the narrative
we never needed any of this stuff
Ivermectin is just a thing that probably has a lot of different benefits
and Ivermectin is one of those things that Brett pushed so hard in the beginning
whole hard in 2020
oh my goodness and still pushing it now
even though it's much more biologically plausible that that's just a drug that should be in everybody's medicine cabinet
just like hydroxychloroquine probably
and if we studied it correctly we'd understand when it's helpful
but instead it's just one of those millions of other probably substances that we don't use like we should use it
because it's cheap and free and organic
and can be grown in your backyard
so for four years now we're just not going to talk about anything relevant
we're going to talk about the mystery virus
we're going to talk about solving that
we're going to talk about being dissidents
and speaking out against the shots
that we can never seem to accurately deem transfection
even after two and a half years ago
Heather and him both agreed
that Jay Kui's right they are transfections they're not really vaccines
but then we'll go back to call on them vaccines for two and a half more years
we wouldn't want to win
we can all go back and play the video
they actually admitted it on a podcast that they're really transfections
and Jay's right we should probably call them transfections not vaccines
and then they never call them transfections again
not that I watched every hour of their show anymore
maybe they did
but it sure didn't seem like it to me and they sure didn't say it today
you're getting tired of me calling out all the same people I'm sorry
I'm not watching the chat tonight
I'm sure everybody's getting tired of having Brett Weinstein called out
but this is one of the best examples out there
one of the best examples of what we're up against
this is what the illusion of consensus looks like
if you watch this podcast you are getting in Brett's car
and letting him tell you a story about what you see outside of the car
and where he's taking you
and you don't know where that is
you don't know if that's toward a central bank digital currency
and digital ID
you don't know if that's toward genetic sampling of everybody
you don't know if that's toward informatic
bioinformatics on everyone
population control
he could be for all of that for all you know
they're not telling the truth
the problem is if I'm stuck with my anecdotal encounter with the world
and this pattern
we can do the same thing for the pattern of violence in our cities
then I have no way of decisively answering the question
the only thing I can do is say does the pattern continue to match
does the pattern continue to anecdotally match
the predictions of the model I have that there's something new and dangerous
at loose in the world
if I say at loose there's no at loose in the world
yeah
if I have to do over I would just say loose in the world
no did
awesome I feel we're making progress
so what I wanted to do now is show what you do
if you actually want to take that anecdotal pattern
and the hypothesis that results from it
and get rigorous
and if you would show there was a excellent talk
sorry I went back I'm just going to let it play
because it's pretty fast
I think it's pretty fast
five minutes or so
to watch it but this is Dennis Raincourt
that's what it looked like in the auditorium
and Dennis Raincourt is a physicist who has gone
and analyzed the all-cause mortality data
from around the world
he's looked at countries different countries
he's looked at very different time scales
and so here take a look this is
the pattern of all-cause mortality
by month over a hundred years
seventy
what you'll see
is a pattern of spikes and troughs
that your mind will correctly register
as highly regular
now what that highly regular pattern is
is an oscillation of seasons
and for reasons that Raincourt correctly points out
are not fully understood
there is an increasing
all-cause mortality
that means we don't care what you died of
the question is we just count deaths and we look at the pattern
people tend to die in the winter
and they tend to die much less in the summer
and the exact reason for that is not perfectly understood
now I would argue that
the
the likely explanation for this
is somewhere in the neighborhood of
we all have some proximity to death
at every moment
a force with which the grave pulls at us
that force is quite strong
in the first year of life
it decreases radically over that year
if you survive to one year of age
that force pulling you towards the grave tends to
that was the grave pulling me down
sorry that was too much security at which point
it begins to very gradually in an accelerating pattern
increase until it's quite precipitous
late in life and then there is arguably
a plateau largely due to
what is likely a decrease in your risk of cancer
if you live through the period in which cancer has skyrocketed
but in any case interesting that the data
if you plot it out
reveal this highly regular pattern
it's predicted this is northern hemisphere
this is france data you're looking at here
very interesting and of course necessary that it be this way
if we look at the southern hemisphere where the
pattern of seasons is inverted
then the pattern of spikes and drops is inverted
as it would have to be otherwise the explanation would be falsified by it
so anyway that's what the general pattern looks like
can you show the next graph
okay so maybe I didn't capture the other graph
you want to show his bulleted list then
so here is the upshot from
this extremely carefully done research
and I want to call your attention
to
especially number five
number four on this list
17 million vaccine deaths worldwide
to the present
plus or minus half a million
that is an incredibly high number
now of course the number of inoculations given
was staggering
obviously we're not just talking about billions of people
who were inoculated but many of them inoculated multiple times
elsewhere in this talk and again I encourage you to go look at it
he points out that the risk goes up
precipitously with the number of doses you've had
becoming quite high
at the fourth dose
interesting I wasn't there I was going to talk
but the fifth point on this list fatal toxicity is exponential with age
with the risk of death doubling every 45 years of age
that is not counter to
but is the opposite direction of what we have talked about anecdotally
when it seems to be the case not with regard to fatality
but adverse events wherein
in 2022
when we were talking about the insanity of
giving these vaccines to young people
the point was that
COVID is simultaneously a disease that does not affect the young very much
and these vaccines seem to produce a greater number of adverse events in the young
that's got to be wrong
and I'm surprised that she went there
the additional adverse events
in the young
it was because when an old person
who's 70 years old
takes the vaccine and gets myocarditis
and has a heart attack
it's not a vaccine adverse event
it's just an old person dying
I don't think you can underestimate
the idea that when you give an old person a
transfection and they have a adverse event
it is so dismissable
it's not even funny
a stroke is dismissable
in a 65 year old person
they're not even going to worry about that
and especially if that stroke comes two weeks
after the shot instead of two hours
and I don't think that you can
underestimate how important that is
because in young people
when the stroke happens
four months later
people are still willing to say
hey wait a minute
Annie was 40 years old
she did
but when you're 65 years old
nobody cares
nobody's thinking that
like oh wow he was fine
he should have lived longer
and even when they do
the question is not really there
it's not statistically significant in their mind
and so I want you to understand
how sad it is
that it were here now
four years into the pandemic
people haven't reassessed
transfection
for the ridiculous
criminally negligent application
of a methodology that is
wholly inappropriate for healthy humans
of any age
even after all this time
of arguing on the couch
two years ago with
Robert Malone
about how it's some kind of
log made of fiberglass
in a way
and the body has to be challenged
to not make auto-immunity
but somehow it's okay
to do that in old people
somehow it's okay
to transfect the endothelium
of old people but young people
are especially vulnerable
to adverse events
that's not a very
insightful interpretation
of the current data
that seems like pretty much
a pretty cutter
CDC FDA
best case scenario
for the rollout of a
transfection in a hurry
I can't even believe
I need to explain it
but it's so ridiculous
and here we are
we're still not talking about the protocols
and how these whole things were justified
it's like that part of the story
in 2020 and half of 2021
they weren't objecting to anything
now we did not
we never said that it tends to kill the young more
but the myocarditis and pericoditis
specifically in young men and potentially
menstrual and pregnancy issues in young women
you know just because that's a young woman situation
but is more of an issue
in youth whereas he's finding fatal toxicity
increasing with age
so I wanted to actually navigate that a little bit
and this drawing from the research
I did back when I was doing the telomere work
and deeply embedded in the evidence
surrounding senescence
which begins at the age of first reproduction
or average age of first reproduction
for your species
and continues to
to accelerate through life with
additional years
that process
is the empirical description
of the vulnerability that I was just describing
the force that is pulling you towards the grave
now on your 20th birthday
is so weak
now if you're a male you may be inclined to risky behaviors
and we can argue about what that pattern is
but from the point of view of the failure of your biological systems
at a critical level that would cause you to die
the force is extremely weak at 20 especially
in the prior world
before all the novel influences
you know you might now be a 20 year old with a metabolic disease
that would make you much more vulnerable but historically speaking
you would have had a very low degree of decrepitude at 20
maybe only a few years and accelerating at a very low rate
and as you get older
the degree to which your systems are compromised
by this goes up and up and up
so if you imagine as Dr. Raincourt points out in his talk
if you imagine that the mRNA vaccines function as a toxin
and I'm not sure that's exactly the right description
they are toxic but they are more than that
because of the way they interact with the immune system
yeah they are
they are a
complex toxin
indeed
transfection
does that not that word doesn't work
a toxin that keeps on giving
why would they just call it what it is
it's extraordinary
I don't know what to say
but anyway the point is
if you imagine that every person that you encounter
is if you could look above their heads and there was a number
that indicated the degree to which the grave was pulling on them
then you would say well if you were to administer a toxin broadly across
all of them some of them that number
at which the grave is pulling towards them is so high
that it won't take very much right now that's the same thing
that we likely see in the seasonal pattern
right if you're very very close to death
then you know the insults that come along with winter
right might be enough to do it
if you're very healthy and young then it's not going to
and so in any case I think
in part we are
we are
hampered in our ability to understand what's going on
because death is such a focus
and the problem is death is a binary thing
whereas damage is not
right so to the extent that something damaging
has been released on the public and that that is measurable
in the death of people who were close enough
in proximity to the grave
that it pushed them over the edge right
and it will very rarely get somebody who's perfectly healthy
and it will very frequently get people who were headed that direction
anyway and you know so we need
we need a better toolkit to think about these things
but my larger point is
if you anecdotally think that you're seeing a pattern
you're being denied information on what that pattern is
you're not allowed to know what these people died of
therefore if you start saying
oh it's another died suddenly and somebody says aha
this person was sick for seven years it's not a died suddenly
as a result of these inoculations because they were sick long
before these inoculations had ever been given to anybody
okay you went but
but if you were interested in figuring out okay
to what degree were these things causing that arm
is the fact that I seem to be seeing
not only anomalies in the number of people who seem to be dying
but also tragically
the number of people who seem to be
serious disruptions of pregnancy
yeah right so you know again
do they happen under normal circumstances of course
now what he's suggesting is that you could use all cause mortality
to answer some of these questions about you know
are these things being caused by a new
thing on the loose as he said
so he's still not being very very precise here
although I think for most listeners
you would surmise that he's mostly talking about the shots right now
but what's really crazy about it is
is that he doesn't even think about the possibility of re
assessing whether there was indeed a spreading
novel pathogen that was a new source of death in 2020
using the exact same analysis
even though Denis has done it for him
in his own country of the United States
and so while he's very happy
to tell you that all cause mortality seems to have revealed a signal
that shows that these mRNA shots may be responsible for injuring people
he's not at all interested in how this same analysis has revealed
the lack of geographic spread around the world
and the lack of an actual respiratory disease
killing anybody
he doesn't see it
and in a lot of ways that's a more significant finding
than the deaths due to the shots
it's what he succinctly described
on the Iverson show
Denis crushed it on the Iverson show
apparently Brett didn't get the memo
probably some of that normally happening during normal circumstances
is actually the result of other novel phenomena toxins in the environment
who knows metabolic diseases whatever the novel influences are
and then there would be an ancestral environment that was free of all those novel influences
presumably a very tiny rate of those things
why in large measure because the body is built
to not invest in projects that are fatally compromised
and so there's a very high rate of spontaneous abortion
which presumably is a result of the fact that the body is
looking at a pregnancy that's underway
and deciding whether it's a good enough benefit for you to invest in it
so anyway there are elegant systems in the body
they're disrupted by novelty
the fact that the public health campaign appears to have created
a huge quantity of excess death
something like 17 million people globally
and that's not even the cost of the public health campaign
that is the parent vaccine induced deaths to date
so think about in light of the model we've just before
think about what that actually implies
if damage was done by these inoculations
to a large fraction of the people who received them
and some small fraction of those people were being pulled towards the grave
at a strong enough level that they disappeared
and they ended up in our statistics
then the question is how many years of life are people actually being robbed of
what's the net effect and what is the total number of excess deaths
that will ultimately be attributable to this public health campaign
so all of those things are interesting
in addition to the deaths that were the result of other interventions
that were mandated ventilators
and then there's the question of even more difficult questions
I don't exactly know how you study it
but there's the question of
given the treatments that turn out to work
that were denied to people
in order presumably to get them to accept
and here we go, hydroxychloroquine and ivermaculations
what would the number of excess deaths have been
how much lower would the excess mortality rate be
had drugs like ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine
been administered more frequently
which is believable
which is the fact that rain court says in rain court
which is that you actually do not see a spike of excess deaths
that are related to covid
that they seem to be related to the measures that were mandated
in the aftermath of its announcement
right on this I mean
what did
okay so what does that mean Brett
are you going to draw the conclusion
that there wasn't a spreading pathogen then or not
that Denis drew
that he most assuredly said to you
in your face in Romania
on his talk
on the screen
in that empty hall
I mean are we joking here
did they just say it
like ventilators and stuff
and actually Denis doesn't see
evidence of a particularly dangerous respiratory disease
but it looks like it is the interventions
that killed people
and so that means that we didn't need the shot at all
that means everybody that was waxing intellectual about bushmeat
being the possible source of this virus
is guilty
of making a very big mistake
with their very big platform
pushing a very big mythology
that killed a lot of very very very very very big numbers of people
they get that vaccine to us very very fast
and how did they
been able to put together a story
in which the vaccine arrived exactly
coincident with the virus
then we would not have the control group
and we could not say this is excess mortality from COVID
which is to say oops 2020
basically nothing and this is so if the vaccine
would have been available when the pandemic happened
then we wouldn't have a control group
why is that?
why wouldn't we have a control group then
we are telling stories
here ladies and gentlemen this is a mythology
being laid down and not even very accurately
or congruently
it's falling apart very rapidly here
because they are maintaining a faith
in something that doesn't exist
and they are inverting
what happened in 2020
into a health crisis that never occurred
isolated mass casualty events
were misconstrued
as the spread of a novel pathogen
that never manifested itself
but instead
numbers were generated through the application
of protocols via financial incentives
from the top down
and because senior doctors were sent home
and because hospitals in the United States
are run by administrators
and residents were called to run
the hospitals
under manned and understaffed
these protocols were enacted
and people were killed
because antibiotics don't work on a viral pneumonia
because steroids aren't appropriate for COVID
because ventilators at a high setting
is what the CDC said to do
and we are running out of ventilators
and these people went along with it
and they are still going along with it
because they are not talking about it
because they said ventilators under their breath
because they are not talking about all the other ways
that people were killed
and how excess deaths
are being tallied to one or two causes
the virus
or the shot
not to suicide
not to malnutrition
not to loneliness
not to isolation
not to opioid overdose
and lack of resuscitation
not DNR notices
in places around the world
none of these things
are being tallied on their whiteboard
the shot
and the deadly virus
that's it
and then very imprecise language about
a new cause of death being loose
on the world
if you can't see it
I feel bad for you
if you are still trying to
look away
from the fact that the only way this could happen
the only form
of fifth-generation warfare
you need to worry about is people
participating in the governance structure
willingly
and these people were sat down in a room
and told that this is how
this is going to go down
these are the events that are going to come
in the future
if you want to be a part
of the governance structure
that orchestrates these coming events
these coming changes
these coming metamorphoses for our society
this is what you got to do
this is the narrative you got to sell
the more successful you are
it's selling the narrative the more there are
algorithms will raise your star
here's your job
here's your salary
go and do it
and there are different levels and different layers
of this there are different players
in this there are different competing
interests in this but all these competing
interests have
a real vested
they really need this narrative to continue
they're doubled and tripled down because
they thought they could get us all in
and we're not all in
and now they have a very big problem
on their hands
because this is not a lie they can undo
it's not a lie they can back out of
until the past is erased
and forgotten
as long as the past is still in video
as long as we can still see
and listen to the eighth podcast
of Brett Weinstein
in December of 2019
Sam Harris agree
that when the real big pandemic comes
there won't be any room to tolerate
the anti-vax mentality
as long as that video
and that audio exists
there is evidence for what
has been done to us
as long as the video
evidence of Robert Malone
being on a stream
with Paul Cottrell exists
then there is evidence for how this was done
as long as there is video
and audio evidence of George Webb saying
that the greatest hero of the pandemic
is Paul Cottrell
there is evidence for the team
of worst-case scenario people
ceding that narrative
of a Chinese lab leak
from the very very beginning
in a possible worst-case scenario
to make sure
that this train left the station
without any doubt
and these people
were all in it.
They are all complicit
in the eventual murder of Americans
and people around the world
but particularly
murder of Americans
to seed the mass casualty events
that could be misconstrued as spread
and drive this narrative around the world
with America at the front
with the intention of getting
all of the world to turn
against us eventually
for this very thing
that Brett will be one of the people
that leads the introspection
of America
where we finally realize
that our past is something
to be ashamed of
and Brett will be the one who helps
lead our way out of that, right?
right into central bank
digital currency
of a global governance
after a cyber attack
that wipes out the banking system of America
or some shit like that
that's why they're so confident
that's why they're so bold
that's why they keep doubling down
because something is coming
and so I don't know how to say it any other way
but just get ready
get your things in order
get to know your community
get to know your neighbors
get a radio
I hope I'm wrong
I hope it's many years yet
for what's coming
but the way that they double down
on this narrative the way that they insist
that this is the way it is
it leads me to believe that
the timer's running
I'm just trying to be real
I think the timer's running
accessibility after
the mRNA technology was deployed
if those two things had shown up at the same moment
we couldn't compare and all of this
contributed to the disease
there's further road we can go down
but I think this is maybe a good place
to put this on pause for now
with the understanding
that what we have done is we have taken the anecdotal experience
of a person who doesn't know how to think about this
we have talked about
from that formulating a hypothesis that then is in need
of a test and then the fact that that test
can actually come in the form of large data sets that capture
unambiguous events like death and show us
that in fact whether or not this specific
test that caused us to formulate that hypothesis
were caused by this exact thing
that they are completely consistent with the idea
that there's a new force that is a hazard
that we are justified in
focusing our attention on these tests
our morbid curiosity in this case is a survival instinct
that's it it's a survival instinct
and that to deny you the information that allows that survival instinct
together appropriate information
is a crime in and of itself
so he basically said
nothing he said nothing there
as he tried to summarize this
he said absolutely nothing
and certainly not as clear as it could be said
which is that all cause mortality
is a way of checking predictions
and there were two predictions made
the first one was that a novel virus
was circulating the globe starting in 2020
and contributing another cause of death
and those numbers didn't show up
except for in limited geographic locations
over very limited time periods
and on the other hand
after the rollout of the transition
after the rollout of the transfection
a more clear signal
in all cause mortality rise
was seen around the world
coincident with it
it's very easy to explain
it's very easy to say it
there was no evidence of spread of a respiratory pathogen
there was evidence of mass casualty events
that seemed to be correlated with
the application of bad protocols
which were not uniformly applied
and
and all cause mortality rise
associated with the geographic
outlay of transfection
succinct
simple
two conclusions
no spread
shots are deadly
it's really easy Brett
you don't need an hour and forty minutes
into your podcast
but that's part of the obfuscation
that he does so well
that's what the intellectual dark web does so well
it's a very lively debate
inside of a limited spectrum
that reinforces every single notion
of the mythology that we are being governed by
the mythology we are being governed by
that I didn't see until
very very recently
that we all need to
retrospectively just
humble up and see
that there wasn't a spreading RNA virus
that spreading RNA viruses
are probably a pretty big
biological myth
and that if you don't want to get
sophisticated enough to check that
then you can just assure yourself
that they lied about it
because RNA cannot copy itself
with high fidelity over millions of victims
over several years
it doesn't happen
it can't happen
there's no biology to explain it
and on those principles
the no-virus people have been right
but the past is fading into
the past is being erased
the erasure will be forgotten
and then the lie will become truth
that's how we got AIDS
and that's how we have
our vaccine schedule
in the United States
because the past was forgotten
and the lie became the truth
the vaccines are just a flawless
best idea ever
Brett Weinstein and
Heather Hay
and that's that limited
spectrum of debate
that noam Chomsky warned us about
it's that exact thing
that the intellectual dark web does
and all the while the presuppositions
of the system are being
reinforced by this limited
spectrum of debate including a novel
virus that killed millions of people
that millions of people were saved from
that likely came from getting a function
will definitely come again
here's the
trip to Romania
that we're talking about here
keep in mind that not only was Denis Rancourt
at this place
and Brett Weinstein
but also so many of the players
that we've come to recognize
as part of this worst case scenario
chorus the Malone's
Meryl Nass
Brian Cole
this is the
guy from Harvard
Harvey Reich
and Jessica Rose
immunologist mathematician
bio informatics person who
focuses exclusively on
virus she's also a virologist
exclusively on virus nothing else
every once in a while she'll write
something about the dangers of the shot
but never about
transfection as a whole
and then of course
here we have Steve Hatfield
Steve Hatfield
the guy who in March of 2020
said that this thing was going to be
something pretty deadly and that we
needed to get kids to get used to
masks and Barney should be wearing
a mask because we got to get kids
used to this and make it fun
about
a week later
about a week later
he's in another video
and
in that video
he says things like
public health in the 20th century
has to be ranked up there
with the level of national defense
he says that in the future
the U.S. probably needs a pandemic
fusion center like NORAD
social distancing is viral
is vital
this country has done the greatest war
time mobilization since World War
II for the pandemic
um
yeah
I mean we're talking about some pretty
serious on narrative stuff
happening with with Mr. Steve
Hatfield who now is on
international tour for a book
he's writing about the the role that
hydroxychloroquine could have played
in saving the pandemic and you know
how how Rick Bright
and Janet Woodcock are responsible
for sabotaging Trump's plan and Navarro's
plan to stockpile hydroxychloroquine
and save America
what a wonderful story
about a drug that should have been in
everybody's medicine cabinet but wasn't
specific for any particular respiratory
disease
just generally useful
for inflammation
same probably with ivermectin
although maybe ivermectin has some
antibiotic and other effects
another useful drug
that probably should be in everybody's
medicine cabinet and like aspirin
could have lots of usefulness
depending on when you used it
but you know
wouldn't want to think like that
we would not want to challenge
the existence of a novel virus
for which novel cures are needed
things that people have been using
for years in other places
for other things that were over the
counter in France until the start
of the pandemic for example
but remember
they did this stuff on purpose
you heard
that hydroxychloroquine
used to be over the counter in
France and then became not over
the counter at the start of the pandemic
ooh, hydroxychloroquine
must be a secret they're trying to keep
that's how they did it
they made you think
they were trying to hide it
they did these obviously terrible
obviously terrible trials
that could obviously
be dissected by
armchair biologists like Brett Weinstein
to show that this ivermectin
trials clearly
compounded it's confounded
they're clearly covering up
the usefulness of ivermectin
here's three of us
he's got two shots
i've got the ivermectin
he's got shots in
and natural immunity
this is a new way for us
to hang out during the pandemic
that's how he came out in
2021 with Robert Malone
and Steve Kirsch on his podcast
he came out against the shot thing
it was a very
titrated
slow roll
to where we are now
three years later
no where basically
absolutely no where
basically
only now coming
to the conclusion that the right
thing was to be skeptical about
everything
all the way down to the root cause
and for whatever reason
however they did it
they made it very hard for everybody
to get down to that root cause
the weird part is
i even have the feeling that the people
who were technically at the right place
with the root cause
were there already too early
and i'm not talking about
people who questioned the AIDS virus
i'm not talking about people like that
like resnick
who already knew the full extent
to the mythology
that could be laid by a illusion
of consensus in science
i'm talking about
people like Andrew Kaufman
like seriously
can i just show you a picture
and then you tell me what this picture means
because i still can't really
figure out what this picture means
but it drives me absolutely bananas
because i see it
every time i open this folder
i see this picture and i think what in the hell
does this picture mean
where is it now? can i find it?
my goodness
what does this picture mean
where is my
oh it's in this one
here
and media or images
i think it's images
hold on one second
E
images no
darn it now i'm wasting your time
i apologize i'm gonna find them
hold on one second
it's
stream media
yes here
what is this?
so apparently
apparently
he had a contract
with the state of New York
or got a grant
from the state of New York prison system
to provide a biometric
device
to the prison system of New York
now the name of the company is back here
i don't think it's on this one
but it might be
and we can look it up
i've got some of the documentation
but this is a picture of him right before the pandemic
at a poster session
where he's
getting the award
to develop the technology
to monitor
somehow biometrics of prisoners
maybe with regard to suicide watch
or something like that
and here he is
having a handshake
with one of the real godfathers
of the pandemic narrative
and one of the people that oversaw the mass casualty event
in New York and New York state
and coincidentally
who's the first guy
who's the first name
that Kevin McCarran mentioned
in late February
or early March
as the thing that he was most focused on
the two things
that i really want to focus on
are these no-virus people like Andy Kaufman
and the 5G narrative
that the 5G is causing the virus
i got to fight against those two things
i suspect that some of these
no-virus people were actually very good people
i think some of these no-virus people
were actually
probably on the right side the whole time
and that they were co-opted by a few people
by the state
by the system
by these interests that were interested
in posing next to the train
and carefully coached
as to how to play the no-virus team
and it could be
very very easy for them to
have been a uniting force
or a place of
networking but instead they stuck
to it so hard
in the first year and a half or two years
and at the same time
were opposed
so violently
by people on our side
that it became
very very hard for anybody
to see
that their position was rational
that their
their idea of questioning
the source
narrative of the pandemic was a good idea
both by their own actions
by the actions of others that appeared
to be opposing them
by the memes that were created
there was a collective effort
on both sides
of that narrative
both sides of that narrative
that is the no-virus king
shaking hands
with the pandemic
mass casualty event coordinator
that started the whole
thing
and they're shaking hands
in 2019 ladies and gentlemen
please wake up and apologize
to everybody who knew this
before we did
and who figured it out
this is not the hero you're looking for here
this is not the hero you're looking for
this is what I think is part
of the controlled op on the
no-virus side
it's not a coincidence this photo exists
it's not a coincidence that grant exists
that guy is not interested
in saving humankind
other people on the no-virus team
might be
other people who questioned the aids
epidemic already
10, 20 years ago might be
on the good side
but I know for sure
that Kevin McCarran and
Paul Catrell knew the name of
Andrew Kaufman in February and
March of 2020 and repeated it
often
the other name that they knew
was Tom Cowan
they didn't start in on the
balies until much later in
I see it
ladies and gentlemen I see it
very clearly that a game is being played
with us that a game has been played
for a very long time that some of these
people are wittingly involved
other people are unwittingly involved
but all of them know that there
is a governing structure
above us and around us
and outside of us
that uses mythology to govern us
and that's why they feel very
comfortable talking about the mythology
because they are comfortably part
of the governing structure
it's not fifth generation
warfare it's fifth generation
governance
and they want to govern our
children by this mythology so that's
why they are sticking to it they know
that's the plan
they know all of our people are all in
all of the people in on this plan are
all in and so it's either they win
or they lose
there's no in between this time
because it's for all the marbles
so if you want to play
on the right team it's now or never
because they're going to
keep telling the same stories
they're going to keep obfuscating the
truth they're going to keep talking about
infection and replication in competent
clones with the idea of
implying to you that there are also
replication competent clones
they're going to keep playing with your consciousness because
it is the primary real estate that this has
always been about your consciousness
and that of your children
and these narratives that they brought
out they were all designed
to give everybody a job to give everybody
a place to pose on the side of the
train to help pretend to stop and start it
so that everybody would believe that
these actions were necessary
and contributing to the experience
that we were all having
I lonely rode all by ourselves
where we've never been before
until we got picked up by a bunch of strangers
that helped explain these stories to us
and such plausible explanations
they were Ivermectin
and hydroxychloroquine
make sense for a novel virus
they couldn't possibly make sense
for a population that was just
wholly unhealthy
undernourished
sick and constantly inflamed
I mean imagine a scenario where
50% of America is in a constant state
of inflammation just because they're
overweight and undernourished
and that's something that would work
against inflammation or work against
an overactive immune system
like Ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine
could have general beneficial effects
out of a population like that
imagine that
and imagine how many doctors were not
savvy enough to maybe think about that
but instead were so convinced
that they wrote books
and articles and substacks
about the effectiveness of Ivermectin
that they came out on their podcast
and said that
prophylactic use of Ivermectin
I'm proving to you now
that it's safe
ladies and gentlemen
Brett Weinstein
Pierre Corrie
are the two main proponents
of Ivermectin and the main proponent
of hydroxychloroquine
is not Zeb Zelenko
it's Steven Hatfield
a guy who oversaw
the Ebola response
a guy who was accused
of being the anthrax leaker
but then given five million dollar
someone sorry we didn't mean to accuse you
even though you were on sipro
the week before
for a sinus infection
the mystery virus does not
equal the excess deaths
Mr. Brett Weinstein
and Denis told you that there were no
excess deaths attributable to
a virus in 2020
but you don't seem to care
you don't seem to care
at all to do this math
to reframe it with regard
to all-cause mortality
you don't want to outline
the fact that all of these things
are confounders
that you won't talk about
you mentioned ventilators
like ventilators
that's it
nothing else
nothing else that could have distorted
the all-cause mortality
the interpretation of it
I mean for goodness sakes
even Jessica Hockett is right about this
all-cause mortality is bullshit
why is it bullshit
well because let's go back
what is this all-cause mortality
here in America
what does that represent
hey healthy population
does that represent a nourished population
does that represent
a great healthcare system
or does this represent the death rate
in one of the most unhealthy
obese, inflamed, undernourished
populations in all of the first world
does it represent a population
where between 50 and 100,000 people
die of drug overdose every year
of just opioids
never mind cocaine or crack
never mind our high suicide rate
all-cause mortality
normalizes our very very
unhealthy system
and excess all-cause mortality
is on top of the already dirty system
that we have
now we had some more excess deaths
so think about all the things
that these people are making
you accept as normal
the pre-COVID malnutrition
in our children
the pre-COVID obesity
in our adults
the pre-COVID lack of exercise
in the last 20 years
of most adults in America
our consumption of over-processed food
that comes in boxes and bags
and frozen
our lack of understanding
excess mortality in America
is not a normal number
it's not a reflection of a status quo
that is healthy and thriving
and so to show excess
above that is not really showing
anything of significance
in fact it's
it's not understandable at all
if you're not going to count
all of these things
that are contributing to
the excess excess deaths
the sad part of this argument
that it's about population control
is that the last 25 years
have been about population control
the vaccine schedules
about population control
process food is about
population control
the widespread use of glyphosate
is about population control
the lack of
of good public schools
is about population control
the transgender issue
gotta come to the realization
that the pandemic is just a reason to wake up
a last slap across your face
that if you ignore it it's over
it's the last one
the next slap is going to be your kids
why aren't we talking about
strict liability for all vaccines
getting rid of the PrEP Act
and the 1986 Vaccine Act
through the 7th Amendment violation
that they represent
why aren't we talking about
the zero epidemiological evidence of spread
millions of dollars of projected Medicare costs
that have been avoided
by the uniquely focused
excess deaths in Medicare
populations
why aren't we talking about that
Brett's not savvy enough to know
that for the last 20 or 15 years
at least that all
projections have said that
wow and these boomers get old
and we start spending $500,000 a year
on keeping them alive
this system ain't going to explode anymore
the system of Social Security
ain't going to float anymore
unless oh goodness look what came along
a whole bunch of new causes of death
iatrogenic death
nursing home death
do not resuscitate order death
opioid death
it's all going to be
come forgotten
unless we fight
ladies and gentlemen i do think it's important
to remember that RNA is like
a mixtape
and you can't make copies of it
and they're not high fidelity
so if you take albums
and you make a mixtape for your girlfriend
that mixtape can't be copied again
because that's not how
cassette tapes can be copied
the DNA equivalent
in music of a CD
then you can make a compilation CD
that can be copied over and over again
and that means that you can
make a copy of the mix that you make
for your girlfriend
now RNA in the wild
is basically the same thing
they have a very hard time
culturing it
but they can occasionally sequence it
and if they can sequence it
then they can use synthetic means
DNA copy of that sequence
that they purport to have found in the wild
and if they use recombinant DNA techniques
to make a DNA construct of that virus
they can grow that DNA in mass quantities
by making plasmids of it
and those plasmids
with the right tweaks will be grown
into large quantities by
bacterial culture
and very simply by tying
antibiotic resistance to the expression
of the plasmid
then only bacteria which copy the plasmid
will grow and in the end
you're left with a huge
a huge quantity
of these plasmids which have been
which may have been copied by these bacteria
and you can lice the bacteria
and combine those DNA
with a cell culture
electroporate them into a cell culture
or combine them with a commercial
enzyme and convert them into RNA
and those pure RNA transcripts
that are created in this way
are called infectious clones
and those infectious clones can be used
in cell culture experiments
they can be used in animal experiments
and they can be stored and shared
with colleagues around the world
most importantly to understand
they don't have to be made in small quantities
but they can actually be made at the industrial scale
in exactly the same way
the process too
was used to create the RNA
that was injected
into billions of people around the world
the exact same process
the exact same vats
the exact same
factories could be used to make
large quantities of infectious RNA
expressing the spike protein
or expressing the whole coronavirus genome
purported to exist in nature
and the beauty of these clones
these infectious clones
is that they are a way of
reliably seeding
this sequence
and possibly
reliably seeding
this sequence in high correlation
with symptomology
while at the same time having no
reasonable expectation
for a massive amount of spread
simply because we already know
from the original part of this slide
these viruses don't really do that
very well
but if you made a large pure quantity
of their genome
then you could make it appear that way
through the molecular signals
that would be extremely easy to detect
in that scenario where you distribute a clone
around the world
into a few patients in a few different places
and then use that
as evidence of spread
if you did that in
in close temporal approximation
with an event like what
happened in New York City that Jessica
Hockett is so studiously
investigating then you could very easily
see how this
correlation of molecular data around
the world with the sparse
but real
mass casualty events
the illusion of a spreading
pandemic could be seated very easily
in a matter of days or weeks
and so can all the molecular
biology be fraud it's not likely
and in fact it definitely
doesn't need to be we have the technology
on our benches right now
to create the illusion of the pandemic
using PCR
hand-high fidelity sequencing
and infectious clones to do it
and so it's a crime scene
and we need to investigate it
and we need to investigate the crime scene
with this understanding of biology in mind
that RNA viruses are notoriously
difficult to wrangle maybe even a
mythological beast
and
the way this mythology has been sustained
in the laboratories with DNA
and with the making of
RNA infectious clones
and so we found ourselves alone
on this road being told
that there was a novel virus that millions of people
died and millions more were saved from
that Michael came from gain of function
and might come again
and the car that picked us up
all alone on this highway
was filled with people who are unwilling
to question that narrative
but fully willing to tell you that they're going to give you a ride
to somewhere safe
when in reality
I think they're just running out the clock
they're just going to drive you down this road
and eventually you're going to come to the conclusion
that they're not driving you anywhere useful
and you're going to ask to get out of the car
and you're going to be right back where you started again
no further along than you were
and you're going to find out
that they just drove you in circles
for a year
that's what they did to us
and for a while I was participating
in it
as much as I wanted to be struggling against it
I didn't know who all the liars were
the liars were lying
about knowing each other
and so I was driven from one
signal group to another signal group
from one trusted group of people
to another
from one car of liars
to another car of liars
one car of liars drove me north
and by the time I figured out they were lying
I got out of there and started walking south
and someone else picked me up
but they were liars too
and they did that to all of us
every one of us has people that we followed
that lied to us and then we changed our mind
or tried to figure out a new way out
and then another person lied to us
because there were so many liars
winning and unwittingly
participating in this governing structure
whether or not they knew the full
implications of what they were doing
doesn't really matter
because they were sustaining this idea
that something spread
that didn't exist before
this illusion of consensus
that millions of people were killed
included asymptomatic spread
and I'm using this analogy
of a train because it is like that
once it started
once the belief in this started
and was ceded
from the top to the bottom
from the left to the right
by all of these people
agreeing that there was a novel virus
that people are in danger of
that might have come from a laboratory
and therefore
all of these extemporaneous measures
and countermeasures and therapies
are justified
all this action is justified
is a cognitive trap that your children
are on
and they are
on this train because we got
on the train with them
we held their hand as they stepped over
the gap
and it is up to us to take them
off this train
they will not get off this train
on their own
they will not come to the realization
that all the adults around them
have been lying
that all their teachers are mistaken
unless we pull them off the train
one by one
our friends, our family
our parents
our co-workers
need to be helped
off the train
with humility
with empathy
with love, with friendship
not the people who see the narrative
the people who fell victim to it
the people who fell victim to the faith
let's explain to them
that a conflated background signal
is all that is necessary
and a spectacular commitment to the lie
and why they would do it
that's all we got to do
that's all the task really is
that's all we can hope to do
that's all we can keep doing
I got a really interesting video
for tomorrow
which is
actually a video from the University of Chicago
and what it looked like at the beginning of the pandemic
at the University of Chicago
I think you'll find it really interesting
especially because the University of Chicago
still basically has the same
the same
forward public facing
policy about COVID
it's really extraordinary
for what I consider to be one
of the better institutions
in the United States
they're really on narrative in an extraordinary way
so I'm going to try and watch that tomorrow
thank you very much for joining me
so it was a little bit broken, angry, stream
but we're just going to try and keep
singing the same song over and over again
to try and get it better and better
and make the message clear and clear
and we've got a couple really great things
coming up in December including
a really blow out
timeline show
Christmas Special
we've got lots of plans and I've got lots of
guests that are starting to line up to try
and get on the show and have a discussion
with us so I think we're going to have a couple council
fires coming up in the next couple weeks
I've got lots of tempting offers
so we're going to see what happens but
every day that I can
be here I've got a secret weapon
in the house for the next couple weeks
and so with that secret weapon
I think I'm going to be able to be a little
bit more available for this stream
and a little bit more focused on it
that being said I also need to be present
at home
and so I'm going to continue to try and do this
balance as best I can and I hope you will be
patient as I do thank you very much for joining
me and I will see you again tomorrow
ladies and gentlemen
intramuscular injection of any
combination of substances with the intent
of augmenting the immune system is dumb
and transfection in healthy humans
is criminally negligent
viruses are not patterned integrity
don't forget it and I will see you tomorrow
at Giga Home Biological
Music
Thanks everybody for joining me
122 people big time
I love it thank you thank you thank you
Check out Soothspider's little tools
for making clips
I think it's really working
I don't want everybody working hard to share my
stream but on the other hand
I do really think it helps a lot
so if you do have the time and the energy
to use some of the tools that Soothspider's
has made for us
please do so and
thank you very much Soothspider for all
that work Pamela
everybody else who's here
Jeff everybody
just I don't know thanks and
I'll see you tomorrow night
Music